djui/alias-tips
desyncr/auto-ls
b4b4r07/enhancd
#, use:init.sh
# b4b4r07/httpstat
#, as:command, use:'(*).sh', rename-to:'$1'
MichaelAquilina/zsh-auto-notify
marlonrichert/zsh-autocomplete
#, at:dev
Tarrasch/zsh-autoenv
zsh-users/zsh-autosuggestions
#, at:develop
lukechilds/zsh-better-npm-completion
#, defer:2
zsh-users/zsh-completions
joel-porquet/zsh-dircolors-solarized
larkery/zsh-histdb
zsh-users/zsh-syntax-highlighting
#, defer:3
softmoth/zsh-vim-mode

ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/aws
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/colorize
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/colored-man-pages
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/command-not-found
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/cp
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/docker
# dotenv (want to specifically load with autoenv)
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/extract
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/git
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/helm
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/jira
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/kubectl
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/node
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/npm
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/nvm
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/pass
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/sudo
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/systemadmin
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/taskwarrior
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/terraform
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/vi-mode
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/web-search
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/zsh_reload
