Hello, here is some of the additional information you asked for.  I'm working on getting it formatted into my resume along with expanding my resume to two pages but wanted to at least get you the additional information ASAP.

11/2019 - Current
Independent Contracting
Fulfilling monthly contracts for the following primary clients:
  SpaDash (spadash.com): Austin startup that facilitates mobile haircut scheduling. Consists of:
    - Customer app and provider (hair stylist) app written in React Native for both Android and iPhone
    - API server and scheduled tasks written in Go, API scheduler and Admin area written in NodeJS
    - Hosted on AWS and managed with Kubernetes, bitbucket pipelines, and Travis CI.
    - Has been out of beta since February (it is available in both app stores), average 30% growth every month, currently have 10 providers serving locations around Austin.
  OneMission Fundraising: onemissionfundraising.com
    - Non-profit medium-scale e-commerce site written in PHP with Wordpress backend (not my choice), has been a consistent client for almost 10 years.
    - Provides a way for other fundraisers to sell their products and raise money on our site.

Here is some rough data that provides a little more details about my experience and skill set.

Languages:
  Javascript: Very strong, 15+ years (10 years in professional capacity).
    - Variety of front end libraries/frameworks: jQuery, Backbone.js, Vue, ReactJS
  NodeJS: Very strong, ~7 years
    - Good familiarity with libraries, different design patterns and API patterns (i.e. REST, GraphQL) to meet different needs.
  SQL variants: Strong, 10 years in professional capacity.
    - Feel proficient in database design, optimizing queries, data pipelines, etc with SQL based languages.  Preferred database is PostreSQL.
  PHP: Strong, ~7 years (3 years in professional capacity, 7 years as maintainer of onemissionfundraising.com)
  Python: Moderate, 4 years, ~2 years professional capacity
    - Not my primary language but fairly proficient.  Have been using less as of recent, not as interested in a position for this language.
  Golang: Average
    - 1 year in professional capacity for some components of SpaDash project (server API and scheduled CRON tasks)
    - Still fairly new to the language but learning quickly and prioritizing this as a language to invest my time in.
  Others: C/C++, Perl, Ruby, Java
    - I have varying familiarity with these over my professional career but haven't used them to the degree or as of late where I'd want to highlight them in my skill set.

Other Skills:
  System adminisration, Shell scripting (Bash/Zsh): Strong, 15+ years (~10 years in professional capacity).
    - Strong understanding of unix based OS, security fundamentals, server configuration, other sysadmin skills.
  Infrastructure: strong, 5 years in professional capacity:
    - Experience with AWS service configuration and infrastructure design
    - Good familiarity with provisioning frameworks/languages like Terraform and Ansible.
    - Proficient with container creation/config (docker, serverless setups), orchestration and management (Kubernetes, Amazon ECS, Elastic Beanstalk)


I will obviously format it better into my updated resume, but this paired with info in my existing resume should hopefully give you the details you need at the moment.
I'll look out for a text/email today if you want to schedule a call.  Let me know if you need anything else, I'll send my updated resume when complete.  Thanks!

--Nick


<service>.<namespace>

General
  3662  Prometheus 2.0 Stats
  2     Prometheus Stats
  11529 NodeJS Application Dashboard
  139   AWS Billing
  6483  ElasticSearch
  6671  Go Processes
System
  1860 Node Exporter Full
Containers
  11600 Docker Container
  8321  Docker monitoring with node selection
  893   Docker and system monitoring
Network
  9614  *NGINX Ingress controller
  4425  Traefik
Database
  455  Postgres Overview
  9628 PostgreSQL Database
  3742 AAA Postgres_Exporter
  707  AWS RDS

Grafana metrics
nhoffmanweb@gmail.com => PubeyPie
njhoffman1982@gmail.com => TurdFergfusonX
njhoffman1982psn@gmail.com => LongDng_Silver
Epic =>

I exclusively use docker-compose for local dev. It slows nothing down - if anything, it streamlines it because I don't have to maintain the server environments on my host; docker takes care of that. All I have locally is nvm, go, and python - just because I use those for dogfood and other general tools, though.
I use a lot of bind mounts to keep my local project in sync, and that really takes the edge off. To help that along, I've set my local uid to 1000 and I have dev images that set the container uid to the same (translation: no permissions trouble 🦄)
DC lets me do other fun things to make life good. My favorite is stacking yaml for different tasks. Base yaml + dev yaml exposes extra ports or adds dev-only tooling services; + test yaml changes db data volumes to controlled alternates.
Using rsync -a I can mirror data volumes - basically the db equivalent of git stash ♥️
With the right mix of Ansible and Make, this is all no-effort. I can remember the days before docker, but I don't like to lol. Lots of things that are no-effort now were impractical or outright impossible then.
Oh, another bonus: I have a single global/privileged stack running that has Traefik and Portainer. All running project stacks are published through Traefik, and Portainer is just nice to have around. No port conflicts, and life is easy ♥️

# services:
temp file is deprecated, use mktemp
update-alternatives: skipping creation of /usr/share/man/man1/lz* BECAUSE ASSOCIATED FILE OF xz*.gz LINK GROUP LZMA DOESN'T EXIST
dot_update git not found
cleanup: #25 7.918 [WARNING]: Updating cache and auto-installing missing dependency: python3-apt
#25 9.277 [WARNING]: Consider using the apt module rather than running 'apt-get'.  If you

#5 19.31 ln: failed to create symbolic link '/etc/resolv.conf': Device or resource busy

= My Knowledge Base =

[[Spadash Admin Notes]]
[[OneMission Notes]]
[[MusicRater Notes]]
[[Screen Configuration Notes]]
[[DevTools Notes]]
[[Misc Notes]]

[[Database Notes]]
[[Serverless Notes]]
[[AWS Notes]]
[[Docker Notes]]
[[Kubernetes Notes]]

[[Other Shortcuts]]
[[VimWiki Notes]]

= Quick Notes =
* i3: $mod+b, $mod+o, $mod+c/d
* vim: J K s ,x ,e q: q/ ,l ,n ,h ,d ,q gl-
* vim: ,cd gd/gr/gk, paste special vs. insert :cdo  zs/ze
* fzf: Ctrl+Alt+a, Ctrl+e, Ctrl+ -p -w -e -r -g -a -d -n
* tmux: $mod+s | $win+ ; z <back> | $mod Ctrl+[f,u,g] | (visual) o Ctrl+o ctrl+Shift+o
* shell: Ctrl+P, Ctrl+O, Ctrl+T, Ctrl+W, Ctrl+U (ins), U (cmd) | Ctrl + <tab>
* vimium: yy | gi | ge | <Alt-m> | ]] / [[
* neomutt: B, <C-n/o> <Tab> (next new), v m (open html), <C-u> urlscan, | xsel

== broot ==
  br --height=50 --cmd="search :print_tree"
  BOOT_CMD_SEPARATOR=;
  br --cmd cow /        => launch in the / directory and there's a filter typed for you.
  br --cmd "/^vache;:p" => look for a file whose name starts with "vache" and focus its parent.
  br -c "/mucca$;:cd"   => search for a file whose name ends with "mucca", and cd to the closest directory
  BROOT_CMD_SEPARATOR=@ gr -c ":gi@target@:pp" => toggle the git_ignore filter, search for target then prints the selection path on stdout

== Vim ==
  :%!column -t        => Format into column
  :%bd|e#
  :cfdo %s/foo/bar/g|w
  Ctrl+Q ,n ,p ,x     => Load results in quickfix window, navigate, exit
  q: q/ <C-f> <C-r>   => Edit/execute command history, search history, enter window from command line (c-f), paste into command (c-r)
  <C-b/e> <C-w/u>     => Commandline cursor to beginning/end, delete word, delete to beginning
  ,v ,h ,q ,d         => Vim split window vertical, horizontal, delete split window, delete buffer
  ,t                  => NerdTreeToggle
  Ctrl+T (fzf mode)   => Goto beginning of entry
  gf                  => Goto file, highlighted or special import behavior (plugin?)
  gd                  => Goto definition
  di"                 => Delete in ",(,{, etc
  !cmd %              => run cmd on current buffer, show on screen
  %!cmd %             => run cmd on buffer and replace with output
  zC/zO/zA/zR/zM      => Open / close / toggle fold / open all folds / close all folds
  :set autochdir, :cd => set active directory to current file directory
  :w suda://%         => write file with sudo
  :verbose imap <tab> => view keybindings
  :e %:h/newfile.js   => open file relative to current file
  :Glog --grep=findme -- % => git log --grep=findme  for commits that touched current buffer
  :Ggrep findme <tag> => search for find me in --cached (index), branchname, tagname, commit SHA
  :bro[wse oldfiles]  => Show mru and pick

== Tmux ==
  tmux list-keys      => list all shortcut keys
  tmux ls             => list sessions
  tmux attach #       => attach to session number #
  $mod Ctrl-o         => swap panes
  (copy) o            => open
  (copy) Ctrl+o       => open in $EDITOR
  (copy) Ctrl+Shift+o => open in google
  $mod u              => show urls in seperate window
  $mod Ctrl+f         => file search
  $mod Ctrl+g         => git status files
  $mod Alt+h          => git SHA-256 hashes (gitlog)
  $mod Ctrl+u         => url search
  $mod Ctrl+d         => number search
  $mod Alt+i          => ip address search

== Chrome ==
  F6/Shift+F6  => Switch focus between address bar and page
  Ctrl+Shift+C => Focus devtools
  Ctrl+`       => Focus console
  Ctrl+[/]     => Navigate devtools panels

== Vimium ==
  * use find before visual/copy mode
  :vimgrep /copyright.*2018.*shidong/ :cdo s/2016-\zs2018\ze/2020/g
  Ctrl+Shift+T => Open last closed tab
  Shift+h/l    => Navigate forward/backward
  gF/f         => cycle through frames / go to root frame
  : / o / O    => open volmnibar in (current/new) tab
  b / B        => open bookmark in current/new tab
  gi           => go to first input box
  yy           => yank link to clipboard
  v (c)        => open visual mode (caret mode), use search first
  o (visual)   => swap anchor points
  p / P        => send the selected text to search engine
  T<enter>     => most recently used tab
  { / }        => go to beginning / end of paragraph
  (missing from cvim) zi/zo/z0 => cVim zoom in / zoom out / zoom original

== i3 ==
  $mod+m                  => snap cursor to middle
  $mod+left/right/up/down => snap to left/right/top/bottom
  $mod+Ctrl+Up/Down       => snap to center
  $mod+Shift+g (gap mode) => o / i (outer/inner) => + / - / 0 (shift for global)
  $mod+space              => change focus between tiling / floating windows
  $mod+shift+space        => toggle float window mode
  $mod+j/k                => next / previous workspace
  $mod+c/t                => show/hide floating chrome/terminal
  i3-msg -t get_tree      => dump current i3 tree
  i3-msg -t subscribe
  -m '[ "window" ]'       => monitor window changes

== lnav ==
  i       => toggle histogram mode
  p       => expand lines
  Shift+t => toggle elapsed time column

== Google ==
  related: site: link:
  before:YYYY-MM-DD after:YYYY-MM-DD
  "exact"
  "searching for" OR "multiple phrases"
  searching for 1991..1998 number ranges
  using * placeholder
  search commands:
    Weather *zip*
    Define: *word*

{{{sh
 # installing and setting up tflint
  curl -L "$(curl -Ls https://api.github.com/repos/terraform-linters/tflint/releases/latest | grep -o -E "https://.+?_linux_amd64.zip")" -o tflint.zip && unzip tflint.zip && rm tflint.zip
  docker run --rm -v $(pwd):/data -t wata727/tflint
  tflint -v
}}}
╭─  thanatos    ~                                                   SIGINT(2) ↵  6h 35m 25s       04:05 

╭─  thanatos    ~/projects/spadash/infra/spadash-system   nick/api-admin  2                     04:03 
╰─>>>                                                                                             2.10    100% 

╭─  thanatos    ~/projects/spadash/env/dev                                  minikube ⎈  spadash   03:47 
╰─>>> kubectl                                                                          apidb    2.84    100% 

╭─  thanatos    ~/projects/spadash/env                                                             03:51 
╰─>>>                                                                         spadash_august    2.52    100% 

╭─  thanatos    ~/projects/spadash/env                            6h 35m 25s    2.52    100%   03:51 
╰─>>>                                                          minikube ⎈  test   spadash    spadash_august 
╰─>>>                                                                                                ⎈      

https://github.com/fannheyward/coc-react-refactor
https://github.com/vim-test/vim-test
https://github.com/puremourning/vimspector
https://github.com/voldikss/coc-tasks
https://github.com/yuki-ycino/fzf-preview.vim/
https://github.com/neoclide/coc-snippets
https://github.com/cyrus-and/chrome-remote-interface

:CocCommand markmap.create

" enable MathJax
:CocCommand markmap.create --enable-mathjax

coc-lua
coc-perl
coc-phpls

coc-highlight
coc-github
coc-gist / snippets
coc-floatinput
coc-emoji
coc-todolist
coc-yank
coc-tag

Unsorted/Unsorted-2
6084:8559
2673 -> 2726

Found 2673 files
{
context: {
  Relax: 186,
  Heroin: 12,
  Float: 48,
  Sleep: 14,
  Study: 1667,
  Code: 355,
  Pool: 1180,
  Drive: 1030,
  Lift: 86,
  Run: 76,
  Lifting: 47,
  Running: 57,
  Lounge: 790,
  Smoke: 63,
  Coitus: 84,
  Longe: 1,
  Runnig: 2,
  FixEnding: 1,
  Nick: 1,
  EndingFix: 2,
  Party: 15
  }
}
{
  mood: {
    Dreamy: 20,
      'Very Mellow': 109,
      Mellow: 556,
      Upbeat: 119,
      Intense: 60,
      Hardcore: 37,
      Chill: 11,
      Gloomy: 8,
      Trippy: 5,
      Driving: 4,
      Dark: 3,
      Uplifting: 2,
      Ethereal: 1,
      Groovy: 1
  }
}
{
picks: {
  Nick: 1824
}
}
{
  unrated: 84,
  rated: 2589,
  ratings: {
    '5.0': 1073,
    '4.5': 284,
    '3.5': 144,
    '4.0': 683,
    '2.5': 134,
    '3.0': 173,
    '1.0': 25,
    '1.5': 7,
    '3.8': 1,
    '2.0': 54,
    '0.5': 1,
    '1.3': 1,
    '4.9': 2,
    '3.6': 7
  }
}
Total:         2673


In addition to providing the command-line window, Vim also offers some limited features allowing you to interact with the command-line whilst in command-line mode (without using the arrow keys).

Movement
<ctrl-b> move the cursor to the beginning of the command-line
<ctrl-e> move the cursor to the end of the command-line
Editing
<ctrl-h> delete the character before the cursor (like backspace)
<ctrl-w> delete the word before the cursor
<ctrl-u> delete all the way from the cursor back to the start of the command-line
You could of course add command-line mappings with :cnoremap to emulate certain other programs' navigation keys. Or install Tim Pope's RSI plugin to use the de facto standard Readline bindings.

Pasting
You can paste the contents of any register into the command-line at the position of the cursor by pressing <ctrl-r> followed by the character specifying the register. e.g. <ctrl-r>,+ will insert the contents of the clipboard into the command-line; <ctrl-r>," will insert the contents of the "unnamed" register (i.e. the contents of your last delete or yank).

See :help cmdline.txt for further details of all the above.


### Merging conflicts with vimdiff

In the middle file (future merged file), you can navigate between conflicts with ]c and [c.

Choose which version you want to keep with :diffget //2 or :diffget //3 (the //2 and //3 are unique identifiers for the target/master copy and the merge/branch copy file names).
```
:diffupdate (to remove leftover spacing issues)
:only (once you’re done reviewing all conflicts, this shows only the middle/merged file)
:wq (save and quit)
git add .
git commit -m “Merge resolved”
```

If you were trying to do a git pull when you ran into merge conflicts, type git rebase –continue.

:set diffopt+=iwhite
- ignore whitespace differences

* highlight and shorcuty key when in diff mode
if &diff
    set cursorline
    map ] ]c
    map [ [c
    hi DiffAdd    ctermfg=233 ctermbg=LightGreen guifg=#003300 guibg=#DDFFDD gui=none cterm=none
    hi DiffChange ctermbg=white  guibg=#ececec gui=none   cterm=none
    hi DiffText   ctermfg=233  ctermbg=yellow  guifg=#000033 guibg=#DDDDFF gui=none cterm=none
endif

* :set diffopt+=context:0
  completely fold identical lines

* :diffget identifiers
  LO local master copy
  RE remote master to be merged
  BA common ancestor of remote and local changes.

#### vimdiff commands

]c :        - next difference
[c :        - previous difference
do          - diff obtain
dp          - diff put
zo          - open folded text
zc          - close folded text
:diffupdate - re-scan the files for differences
do / dp     - diff obtain (bring changes in)/ diff put (send changes out)
C-W C-W      - toggle between different columns
